# PCS2-HOMEWORK
There are 2 ways that I can use in order to sort a certain amount of number; one is faster than the other but both of them are really good. In the first case I try the so called 'Divide and Conquer' method: I shall deal with a certain list of number and using this strategy I can 'simplify' the problem. Everything is based on the 'Pivot' or 'Central Element' which is used to divide the list of numbers in 2 smaller lists, and I can do that until I need it. Now I can divide the remaining numbers (except for the pivot) in 2 parts, the numbers that are smaller than the pivot and the ones that are bigger; at the end I'm going to have all the numbers that I  had organized and sorted. Now the second method is a little longer but not less effective: I'll consider the same bunch of  numbers from before, now instead of dividing using the Pivot, I'll still use the 'Divide and Conquer' but I'll divide my numbers in 2 smaller groups, and i can do so, until I reach only one number. The best case would be of having a list that is already sorted of course, but considering the case of a comppletely disordered list, I'll compare each number with the following one until I reach the perfect order of the list. As said before, This second method is a little more time consuming but the result would still be the same. Also MergeSort use more memory than QuickSort



timeit is used to check the time that the 2 algorithms take to sort the lists that were given. Those lists were given by the random list that we already got from the random function at the very beginning.
And from that we can compare between the times and we can find that the quick sort is faster
